Congratulations on making it
through the end of this course!
I can hardly believe our
time together is over.
Before moving on in
the certificate program,
I'd like to reflect on all
the amazing progress you've made.
When we started, you were introduced
to a wide range of assets
organizations protect.
Our primary focus was information
security, specifically
digital information.
Here, you learned how asset
classification helps security teams focus
their efforts and prioritize resources.
We explored digital assets in
the three states of data.
We also learned how policies,
standards, and
procedures can mitigate
organizational risk.
Our focus on the NIST cybersecurity
framework introduced you to a commonly used
framework for managing risk.
Afterwards, you learned about fundamental
security systems and controls.
You got to explore technology, like
encryption, that's used to protect data
in all its states.
You also learned how technologies
like public key infrastructure and
digital certificates are used
to maintain the confidentiality,
integrity, and
availability of information online.
And you also explored access controls
that make up the authentication,
authorization, and accounting framework.
Next, we explored common
vulnerabilities and systems.
During this part of the course, you got
an inside look into how security teams
position themselves ahead of attacks.
We explored the defense in depth strategy
that's applied to protect information as
it's exchanged between parties online.
You also learned about the common
vulnerability and exposures list,
the vulnerability assessment process,
and attack surfaces and attack vectors.
We then explored the major
threats to asset security,
like social engineering, malware,
and web-based exploits.
Together, we discussed how these
attacks are carried out and
the way security teams prevent
them from doing damage.
We then finished up by exploring
the process of threat modeling.
We covered so much!
I really appreciate your
effort throughout it all.
When I first started my career in
security, my goal was to learn, network, and
embrace any opportunity.
I was able to attend security conferences,
receive job tips,
earned references, and
volunteered to gain experience.
At that time,
I would have never imagined that I'd be
here teaching what I've learned to others.
That just goes to show you, your security
journey is only just beginning.
While our time together is over,
we covered a lot of complex topics,
many of which are areas of
specialization in security.
With the foundation you've built here,
you have a wide range of possibilities
to continue growing in the field.
I'm so glad to have played a part in this
step along your journey into the world of
security.
And I wish you all the best as you
continue forward along your path.